Add warning about test files in publish docs (#3486)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/publishing/publish.md

```

</ChainedSnippets>

:::caution

> The Publish command will exclude sources that are considered test files.
> This includes any file that is placed in `test` directory. 
> 
> Read more about test sources in [testing documentation](../test.md#test-sources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `publish` sub-command does not currently support publishing of the test scope.
This includes any file that is placed in `test` directory or with the `.test.scala` suffix.

Read more about test sources in [testing documentation](../test.md#test-sources).
```
